Expose Runner/Reporter/delta (#279)
libsemigroups/libsemigroups_pybind11: docs/source/main-algorithms/core-classes/delta.rst

..
    Copyright (c) 2025 Joseph Edwards

    Distributed under the terms of the GPL license version 3.

    The full license is in the file LICENSE, distributed with this software.

.. currentmodule:: _libsemigroups_pybind11

The delta function
==================

> This page contains the documentation for the :any:`delta` function. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page contains the documentation for the :py:func:`delta` function. 
```
This is because the file and the function have the same name.
